add `operate-source show` (#255)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/manage-source.md

+ `stop`: Stops an upstream database source.

+ `show`: Shows the added data source and the corresponding DM-worker.

> + `config-file`: Specifies the file path of `source.yaml` and passes multiple file paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `config-file`: Specifies the file path of `source.yaml`. It can pass multiple file paths.
```
